two hearings on the hill same situation
sworn in and then the protests began in
the
morning war criminal seven Mass Braves
and the afternoon you are a war criminal
shame on you allies and partners that's
two and the silent protest continued red
soaked hands framing the Secretary of
State on the prosecutor at the
international criminal court seeking
arrest warrants for the leaders of
Israel and Hamas blinkin promised to
work with Congress to find a way to
punish the ICC let's look at it we want
to work with you on a bipartisan basis
to find an appropriate response but the
bipartisan divide over Israel was on
full display as Democratic senators
questioned a recent State Department
report that said while it is likely
Israel has violated International
humanitarian law using American-made
weapons the Biden Administration did not
take the steps that would have cut off
military aid as required under us
this issue does not require additional
investigation we've seen this play out
in real time and on the report stating
Israel is doing more to get humanitarian
Aid in I think that's grading on a curve
that if if that's sufficient than
anything's sufficient for many
Republicans their complaint that the
Biden Administration is pausing two
shipments of 3,500 bombs at every stage
you have been telling Israel do not kill
the terrorist and that has been from day
one the Biden Administration is asking
Congress for $ 64.4 billion to fund the
state department and other International
programs in 2025 The Proposal gives
Ukraine an additional $482 million
Israel $3.3 billion as for the
Palestinians Congress has voted to cut
off Aid to unra the main relief
organization for Palestinians for the
first 6 months of
2025 these budget requests are very
rarely agreed to and in fact the US
Congress has only passed all the
Appropriations bills on time four times
since
1977 on Israel's war on Gaza blinkin
basically said the same thing he's been
saying for months that Israel has a
right to defend itself that it's not
doing enough to get humanitarian Aid
into Gaza asked repeatedly what the us
could do to see changes on the ground he
didn't really give an answer Patty khane
Al jazer at the
capital make sure to subscribe to to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer